README.md, before:

# SuperAnnotate Automation Suites
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)

In this repository we will continuously post automation-suites for the annotation process at SuperAnnotate. Notebooks are originally written and tested in Google Colab. So if you are looking for a plug and play Google Colab is the way to go.

| Notebook                                         | Google Colab | Github                                                                                 | Tutorial Data                                                                                                         |
|--------------------------------------------------| ------------ |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Image classification with Rekognition            | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg) | [Open in Github](image_classification/image_classification_rekognition_pipeline.ipynb) | [RESISC45](https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/resisc45) Dataset (*Remote Sensing Image Scene Classification*)                 |
| Named Entity Recognition with HuggingFace (BERT) |  [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/named_entity_recognition/named_entity_recognition_huggingface_bert_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](named_entity_recognition/named_entity_recognition_huggingface_bert_pipeline.ipynb) | [Legal NER](https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/legal-ner) Dataset                                                             |
| Speech Recognition with Whisper                  | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/asr_automation/asr_automation_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](asr_automation/asr_automation_pipeline.ipynb)                         | [US Election 2020 - Presidential Debates](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/headsortails/us-election-2020-presidential-debates) 
| Text Classification with Cohere                  | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/text_classification/text_classification_cohere_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](text_classification/text_classification_cohere_pipeline.ipynb)        | [Amazon Product Reviews](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kashnitsky/hierarchical-text-classification)                         |

We encourage the community to open pull requests and share with us their automation pipelines in the form of IPython notebooks. Please find the API Reference for SuperAnnotate Python SDK [here](https://superannotate.readthedocs.io/en/stable/superannotate.sdk.html).

Commit message:

[up, del]: add line for object tracking into README + remove OCR automation tutorial

README.md, after:

# SuperAnnotate Automation Suites
[![Python 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)

In this repository we will continuously post automation-suites for the annotation process at SuperAnnotate. Notebooks are originally written and tested in Google Colab. So if you are looking for a plug and play Google Colab is the way to go.

| Notebook                                         | Google Colab | Github                                                                                 | Tutorial Data                                                                                                         |
|--------------------------------------------------| ------------ |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Image classification with Rekognition            | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg) | [Open in Github](image_classification/image_classification_rekognition_pipeline.ipynb) | [RESISC45](https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/resisc45) Dataset (*Remote Sensing Image Scene Classification*)                 |
| Named Entity Recognition with HuggingFace (BERT) |  [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/named_entity_recognition/named_entity_recognition_huggingface_bert_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](named_entity_recognition/named_entity_recognition_huggingface_bert_pipeline.ipynb) | [Legal NER](https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/legal-ner) Dataset                                                             |
| Object Tracking with Google Vertex AI            | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/object_tracking/object_tracking_with_gcp_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](object_tracking/object_tracking_with_gcp_pipeline.ipynb) | [Soccer Track](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/atomscott/soccertrack) Dataset |
| Speech Recognition with Whisper                  | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/asr_automation/asr_automation_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](asr_automation/asr_automation_pipeline.ipynb)                         | [US Election 2020 - Presidential Debates](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/headsortails/us-election-2020-presidential-debates) 
| Text Classification with Cohere                  | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/superannotateai/automation-suites/blob/main/text_classification/text_classification_cohere_pipeline.ipynb) | [Open in Github](text_classification/text_classification_cohere_pipeline.ipynb)        | [Amazon Product Reviews](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kashnitsky/hierarchical-text-classification)                         |

We encourage the community to open pull requests and share with us their automation pipelines in the form of IPython notebooks. Please find the API Reference for SuperAnnotate Python SDK [here](https://superannotate.readthedocs.io/en/stable/superannotate.sdk.html).
